Transfer Content From Google Drive (#1)
WayScience/playbooks: README.md

Reviewer: Recommend adding a bit more meat here. I think providing a short snippet per notebook in a table format might be sufficient, similar to other repositories that have a table for the repo structure. Completely optional, just thought it could help make the README feel more full.

Author: Great idea! Done in https://github.com/WayScience/playbooks/pull/1/commits/598df68f067ef8e2bf86efe9995176a070df2228

> # playbooks
> Playbooks relevant to the operations of the Way Lab and similar labs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Playbooks

Playbooks relevant to Way Lab operations.
```

> Top-level playbooks have information relevant to similar compuational labs while playbooks in `/internal` have information specific to the Way Lab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Top-level playbooks have information which may be relevant to other computational labs.
Playbooks in the `/internal` folder have information specific to the Way Lab.
```
